d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.apk
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android-Signed.apk
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\Xam_Sec.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\Xam_Sec.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Xam_Sec.Android.apk
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Xam_Sec.Android.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xam_Sec.Android.dll.mdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Square.OkHttp3.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Xam-Sec\Xam-Sec\Xam_Sec.Android\bin\Debug\Square.OkIO.dll
